hey what's up guys welcome back once
again it is BMO so happy to be here with
you guys today we were playing on the
town hall 9 I upgraded this other air
defence the other day I didn't record it
i was grindin late at night and i just
had enough gold for i wanted to upgrade
it before it could get all stolen we've
already built back up two million
179,000 gold but guys I'm running low on
Jim the jog and see I got 262 and I've
been trying to boost my barracks and
just farm for like two hours at a time
and every time that do that it's 40 gems
and if I boost my spell factory again
that's an extra 10 size 50 gems each
time so right now I can only do that for
more times and tell them out now I'm not
that many of you have heard of free my
apps that's the company that I use to
help get me free itunes cards and if you
guys sign up for it or if you haven't
signed up for it check it down below all
you do you download the app you play
with it for 30 seconds and then you're
done and you get your credits for it and
then you can build up to like 10 dollar
itunes cards so what I'm thinking of
doing guys is doing that for a little
bit get a ten-dollar card use it on here
to boost my barracks vote down below if
you guys are okay with me boosting my
barracks I've never gymed a single thing
on this account from Jim's that I've put
on here all I've ever done is boosted
barracks for when I used to stream and
things like that I am curious to so what
is my so my goal grab is 258 million as
a town hall 9 like this which isn't that
bad honestly with how my walls are and
all my defenses and things like that but
what we're doing today guys is we are
upgrading this one trap right here and
then I'm not gonna have enough to
upgrade the other one but that's going
to be done in a day and then hopefully
by this afternoon I'll be able to
upgrade the next one as well I'm gonna
go an attack right now there because i
got my troops all trained up and i'll be
back with you on a second right wow guys
this was a great find super super easy
loot for me just drop off some
barbarians on the side as distraction
bring in some archers to start taking
out the rest of that stuff barbarians
once again come on barbarian to do some
work for me take out this gold over here
we got our barbarians in here on these
elixir storages let's just go ahead and
take out
I could have sworn I just saw their
queen right there I guess not we'll go
ahead and just finish taking these out
and you know it I didn't be used that
many troops we've still got about 70,000
left seven seventy thousand tubes we've
still got about 70 left maybe a little
more I don't really feel like adding all
that up what is that 74 yeah um not not
anymore i dropped another one so we've
got all that free loot right there i'm
just gonna go ahead and attack again and
find something that i can just easily
bartsch and get some stuff on the
outside wow we got fifty eight percent
of the base with that many troops
crushing it alright guys we've got this
base mr. for random signs eight up there
at the top let's go ahead and again we
don't have a full army comp right here
but we are gonna try and just take out
as much as we can in regards to the loot
obviously up here at the top I'm just
going to drop off some barbarians as
distraction and then drop off my archers
to go ahead and take out that wizard
tower wizard tower come on there we go I
was about to say stop switching targets
wizard tower oh and we've almost got all
this loot over here it looks like a lot
of the gold is going to be up in the top
but I'm fine with that let's go ahead
and drop off our King right over here
he's gonna work his way around I really
want to get as much of that gold as I
can I'm not as worried about the elixir
Oh King come on all right King take it
out real quick and then head up top come
on take it out then head up top to yeah
there you go there you go King we're
gonna let him do his thing i'm about to
not be able to play for a little bit so
I'm not too worried about his health
well go ahead and use that right now and
he's gonna head over take out that
mortar now that mortar can no longer
attack and then they're just gonna
continue taking everything out there's a
goal that we want to keep on going come
on now again it looks like a lot of it
is in the middle but that's alright
because his mines and pump why would
they not go over there come on I would
have taken three seconds it'll taking
you 25 to get through that wall alright
so in the matter right there how much do
we get not that much but again I was
only half an army so that was pretty
productive when it comes to training and
waiting and things like that so that was
awesome we only need three hundred
thousand more to upgrade this other trap
again guys comment down below if you
want me to use free my apps to get gems
and get like a five dollar card if any
so let's see what we do we can do the
five or the tin I'm probably going to
say the tin i wouldn't spend more than
that on
this so maybe the ten-dollar card if I
can get one from free my apps you guys
let me know also try it out down below
comment if you've signed up for me maybe
we'll do a giveaway soon where I just
put codes in the video again I used to
do that was a lot of fun well here why
don't we do this if we get because I can
track this if we get a hundred to two
hundred people to sign up for free my
apps today then I'll do a giveaway I'll
ask the people to work there if that
many people signed up I'll do a giveaway
probably to ten dollars in the video
something along those lines I've got
some where do they go I've got some
google play cards right here as well so
I'll maybe do one ten dollar Google Play
card and one ten-dollar itunes card but
that is going to be it for this episode
guys we're super super close to being
able to upgrade another mind like I'll
just saying and then researching let me
know y'all want me to research next i'm
thinking maybe giants because they get a
big boost of 12 damage per second and
270 more health so that's big it's
almost doubling or song as adding fifty
percent of their current damage on to it
so i might do those next I'm gonna be
pretty cool comment down below with that
guy's also if y'all haven't yet check
out my vlog channel moult vlogs awesome
stuff gone over there I spent a lot of
time adding those videos are a lot of
fun but thank you so much for watching
guys I'm also gonna be bringing back the
Town Hall tin I've been grinding out on
that and it's been a lot is I keep
saying no like thank you so much for
watching guys I really do appreciate it
now as always make sure you keep calm
and your clash on for me see you guys
next episode peace